# ERC725 Verify

## Description

This is a simple 3rd party utility for validating (ERC725)[https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-725.md] standard claims.

## How To Use

Currently, there are just a handful of platform with deployed ERC725 identity solutions, most of which are part of the (ERC 725 Alliance)[https://erc725alliance.org/]. In order to check a claim, you need to know:

1. The address of your ERC725 Identity Contract
2. The address of your claim attestor ERC725 Identity Contract
3. The topic of the claim you are validating
4. The data hash affiliated with this claim
5. The claim signature

## Example: Origin

### Your ERC-725 ID Contract

If you have created an account on the (Origin Protocol Dapp)[https://dapp.originprotocol.com/#/] then you have an ERC-725 compliant identity! You can find the contract address by browsing your wallet address transactions on a block explorer like Etherscan.

### Origin's Identity Contract

Since Origin has launched it's contracts on `Mainnet`, their identity contract is openly available at the address `0x1af44feeb5737736b6beb42fe8e5e6b7bb7391cd`. If you would like to confirm that this is indeed Origin's identity contract, you can do so by reading the migration logs on (Origin's public GitHub repo)[https://github.com/OriginProtocol/origin]

### Topic Code

Since Origin is one of the pioneers of this standard, they have taken the liberty to set some topic codes that may or may not become a part of the standard.  Currently the codes are as follows:

3. Facebook
4. Twitter
5. AirBnB
10. Phone
11. Email

### Data

You can find the data hash by inspecting the `Events` on your ERC-725 contract on a contract explorer like (Pragma)[https://withpragma.com]. Origin is currently storing attestation data in event logs to keep gas costs down (the initial contract deployment costs ~$1.50 as it is at the time of this writing). You can easily get this data in one place on Pragma

(Need better explanation)

### Signature

You can find your claim signature in the event logs as well.

Once you insert this data into the form, it will verify that this claim signature was indeed generated by a key that currently has authority to sign claims on behalf of the Attestor's ERC-725 Identity contract.

## Collaboration

PR's, issue, and collaborators welcome!
